README.md, before:


WARNING: These tests should only be run in a VM or other similar disposable OSX installation. There are tests that are known to render your machine unbootable, they have been disabled until issue resolved. Having said that, let the buyer beware!

These tests take along time to run probably more than 2 hours.

There are ~200 tests that are skipped due to setup failures
There are ~200 tests that fail, due probably to test script issues, and potentially O3X issues.
There are ~200 tests that pass (yay)

I would love some help to get this test suite over the line, it will be beneficial to all to get to the point that we can accurately characterise the behaviour of O3X.

This is (supposed to be) the ZFS Test Suite, with support for all platforms
that ZFS from Sun Solaris have been ported to.


Setup
========================================================================

* The user zfs-test needs to be able to run sudo without issuing a
password. Add the following to sudoers:

    zfs-tests   ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL

* The sudo root environment must be configured to pass certain enviroment variables from zfs-test through to the root environment. Add the following to sudoers:

    Defaults env_keep += "__ZFS_MAIN_MOUNTPOINT_DIR"

also

    assign __ZFS_MAIN_MOUNTPOINT_DIR to / in somewhere central, I'm using /etc/bashrc at the moment, having trouble getting to work via the test framework.

* To run the Test Suite, it is also required that you have a built O3X
zfs and spl repository in:

    ../zfs
    ../spl

* You will need quite a lot of free space on /var/tmp (which needs
to be 'rwxrwxrwt') for temporary files etc. At least 100GB seems
to be required.

* To setup the test suite, run

   ./autogen.sh

* This will create the configure file. Run this to setup the makefiles etc.

   ./configure CC=clang CXX=clang++ 

* Then, to run the test suite, just issue the command:

   sudo make test

It will require that your environment is setup in a certain way, but
the Makefile will make sure to check this. Most of it any way...

To run specific test group(s), make a copy of the

   cp test/zfs-tests/runfiles/osx.run test/zfs-tests/runfiles/osx.run.tmp

file, edit it (uncomment or delete all that shouldn't be run) and set
the RUNFILE variable:

     export RUNFILE="-c test/zfs-tests/runfiles/osx.run.tmp"

Commit message:

Briefly document running on scratch disk drives (test_hw)

README.md, after:


WARNING: These tests should only be run in a VM or other similar disposable OSX installation. There are tests that are known to render your machine unbootable, they have been disabled until issue resolved. Having said that, let the buyer beware!

These tests take along time to run probably more than 2 hours.

There are ~200 tests that are skipped due to setup failures
There are ~200 tests that fail, due probably to test script issues, and potentially O3X issues.
There are ~200 tests that pass (yay)

I would love some help to get this test suite over the line, it will be beneficial to all to get to the point that we can accurately characterise the behaviour of O3X.

This is (supposed to be) the ZFS Test Suite, with support for all platforms
that ZFS from Sun Solaris have been ported to.


Setup
========================================================================

* The user zfs-test needs to be able to run sudo without issuing a
password. Add the following to sudoers:

    zfs-tests   ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL

* The sudo root environment must be configured to pass certain enviroment variables from zfs-test through to the root environment. Add the following to sudoers:

    Defaults env_keep += "__ZFS_MAIN_MOUNTPOINT_DIR"

also

    assign __ZFS_MAIN_MOUNTPOINT_DIR to / in somewhere central, I'm using /etc/bashrc at the moment, having trouble getting to work via the test framework.

* To run the Test Suite, it is also required that you have a built O3X
zfs and spl repository in:

    ../zfs
    ../spl

* You will need quite a lot of free space on /var/tmp (which needs
to be 'rwxrwxrwt') for temporary files etc. At least 100GB seems
to be required.

* To setup the test suite, run

   ./autogen.sh

* This will create the configure file. Run this to setup the makefiles etc.

   ./configure CC=clang CXX=clang++ 

* Then, to run the test suite, just issue the command:

   sudo make test

* Alternate (recommended?) configuration is to provide your test environment
  with 3 x 25 GB HDD in addition to the boot drive. There are certain tests
  that cannot operate in a file based environemnt, this will allow those
  tests to execute.

  The three drives will be erased, please ensure they contain no valuable data!

  Ensure that the DISKS environment variable the in test_hw target in 
  the makefile contains the /dev/diskX /dev/diskY and /dev/diskZ
  entries for your 25 GB test drives. Then:

    sudo make test_hw

   NOTE: every time you restart OSX the drives can move and must be checked.

* It will require that your environment is setup in a certain way, but
the Makefile will make sure to check this. Most of it any way...

To run specific test group(s), make a copy of the

   cp test/zfs-tests/runfiles/osx.run test/zfs-tests/runfiles/osx.run.tmp

file, edit it (uncomment or delete all that shouldn't be run) and set
the RUNFILE variable:

     export RUNFILE="-c test/zfs-tests/runfiles/osx.run.tmp"
